Why is the spiritual power in His Highness suddenly unstable?
Butian Zhenyan has been implicated
I don't know.
The mayor always checks the physical condition of His Highness
Hey, no need.
I suddenly feel much better
Your Highness is in good health
Must be investigated
outrageous
Mayor Laoweihe East Road
There is another soul in the foundation
Why is it so easy for me to pass through?
Another Soul
Could it be that the foundation is scattered and the sister is actually
Ah I'm dying
You must protect yourself in the future
Stop being so innocent
My life is so hard, sister
They don't seem to be talking about you.
Why don't you listen carefully
Since the foundation is pregnant
I'm pregnant.
I came back.
I got pregnant before I did anything big
I'm so sad, me too
I hate that I'm going to have a baby for Brother Yuexian
Elder Chi, take it easy
Send someone to find Gu Changxi later on this matter.
Ask a clear question
Immediate priority
It's looking for another candidate to make up for the sky
Where are we going to find someone else?
Butian Array Eye
It has long been inseparable from the soul of the foundation
The foundation failed
Almost held accountable by Tianjun
Your Highness can go back and rest, okay?
I didn't expect to shake the devil sister
The day before yesterday, the demon sister was damaged.
It must be related to the foundation pregnancy ceremony
In this way, the lower realm is afraid of losing
The humans really can't be trusted. They were robbed by this
It really is retribution
Stop talking about those cold words
The most important thing now is to wait for the next one
The foundation blessed by Empress Nuwa appeared
Elder Baixi Foundation moved to the palace gate
Said to go back to the lower bound
Whether to block
Forget it, let him go
Is there any evil disease in the lower bound of the consistent foundation?
I think it's in the brain
OK